
	
Message
From:		Archaeology Institute
Subject:	Final Portfolio Update
To:		sbsc224s/324sSp2003
sbs248/348F2003
sbs260s/360sF2003
Tuesday, December 09, 2003 7:15:24 AM

Dear All,

	As per recent questions regarding the portfolio and other end term requirements, please note the following:

1.	Your Final Portfolio should include any and all documents that you have created by virtue of your participation in class.  In other words, you should include any and all lecture and discussion notes prepared, Online Journal entries, Discussion Forum entries, Lab and Field Deliverables, Reader Responses, Major Deliverables, Midterm and End Term Self Assessments, Oral Presentation outlines, and final projects.

	a.	Your Final Portfolio need not be enclosed in a binder.  However, you must include an appropriately complete Title Page and 		Table of Contents, and associated page numbers or section dividers for any and all content 

2.	All Reader Responses and Lab Deliverables completed since the Midterm evaluation should be included in the portfolio in both hardcopy and on diskette.  If some of those materials due by Midterm evaluation were submitteed after that time, please note that fact at the beginning of the portfolio so that I can be sure to address the assessment of those deliverables prior to reviewing the whole of the portfolio.

3.	An End Term Self Assessment (see http://archaeology.csumb.edu/Guidelines/Questionnaires/SelfAssessment.pdf) of no less than two typewritten pages is required so as to allow for measurement of progress made since midterm.

4.	 A hardcopy portfolio with the required Title Page and Table of Contents, as well as an electronic diskette copy of any and all work completed during the term should be assembled and submitted.  

5.	Please note that I do not require the development of a Web site unless of course that is what you have chosen to develop for your final project.  Web sites, or Powerpoint presentations, like other research projects will still require a Bibliography or References Cited section and all content must be based on the appropriate research.

6.	All Group Presentations are scheduled for the evening class of Tuesday, December 16th.

7.	The absolute deadline for all Final Portfolios and disk copies is scheduled for Friday, December 19th at 5:00 pm.

	Please do let me know if you have any other questions regarding end of term requirements.

Best Wishes,

Ruben G. Mendoza, Ph.D., Director
Institute for Archaeological Science, Technology and Visualization
Social and Behavioral Sciences
California State University Monterey Bay
100 Campus Center
Seaside, California 93955-8001

Email: archaeology_institute@csumb..edu
Voice: 831-582-3760
Fax: 831-582-3566
http://archaeology.csumb.edu
http://archaeology.csumb.edu/wireless/

Confidentiality Notice:  The information contained in this e-mail message is sender-privileged and confidential information.  It is intended only for the use of the individual or entity named above.  If you are not the intended recipient, you are notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution, electronic storage or use of this communication is prohibited.  If you received this communication in error, please notify the sender immediately by e-mail, attaching the original message, and delete the original message from your computer, and any network to which your computer is connected.

Thank you.







